---
title: engine
description: Engine management commands overview.
navigation:
    icon: i-hugeicons:nano-technology
---

# `dxflow engine`

The `dxflow engine` command provides comprehensive tools for managing the engine, including boot control, health checks, authorized key management, pinging the engine, and generating tokens. Below is a detailed breakdown of each subcommand and its options.

```bash
$ dxflow engine --help

Engine management

Usage:
  dxflow engine [command]

Available Commands:
  healthcheck Check the engine health
  ping        Send ping to the engine
  token       Generate authorized token
  boot        Engine boot control
  key         Authorized key control

Flags:
  -h, --help   help for engine
```
---
## boot

This is the main command for managing the engine's boot state. It start and stops the engine as needed. 

```bash
 dxflow engine boot [command]
```
available commands:
- `up`: start the engine
- `down`: stop the engine

::tip
You can skip the `boot` command and use `dxflow engine up` or `dxflow engine down` directly to control the engine's state.
::
---
## key

```bash
dxflow engine key [command]
```
- aliases: `ls`
available commands:
- `list`: List authorized keys
- `register`: Register an authorized key
- `unregister`: Unregister an authorized key

### list
Lists all authorized keys for the engine. It will display a table of keys with their associated permissions and expiration dates.
```bash
dxflow engine key list
``` 
| TYPE       | VALUE                                   | IDENTITY | PERMISSIONS                                      | DISABLED |
|------------|-----------------------------------------|----------|--------------------------------------------------|----------|
| dxflow-rsa | MIIBIjAN...1nFfuQZP2gzBpUqiZeRqWwIDAQAB | MASTER   | PROXY, BRIDGE, SHELL, OBJECT, PLATFORM, WORKFLOW | false    |
### register
Registers a new authorized key for the engine. You need to provide the key value and optionally specify the identity and permissions.
```bash
dxflow key register <KEY> [flags]
```
flags:
-  `-i`, `--identity`: Key identity, which is a `string`
-  `-p`, `--permissions`: Key permissions, a list of `string` values. Options include `PROXY`, `BRIDGE`, `SHELL`, `OBJECT`, `PLATFORM`, and `WORKFLOW`.
-  `-h`, `--help`: help for register

### unregister
Unregisters an authorized key from the engine. You need to provide the key value.
```bash
 dxflow key unregister <IDENTITY> [flags]
```
where `identity` is the identity of the key you want to unregister.

---
## token
Generates an authorized token for the engine. This token can be used for authentication and authorization purposes.
```bash
dxflow engine token [flags]
```

---
## healthcheck
Checks the health of the engine to ensure it is running and responsive.

- aliases: `healthy`
usage:
```bash
dxflow engine healthcheck [flags]
```
---
## ping
Sends a ping to the engine to check its responsiveness. This command is useful for verifying that the engine is up and running.

```bash
dxflow engine ping [flags]
```
flags:
- `-c`, `--count`: int   number of pings (default 3)
- `-h`, `--help`:        help for ping

