---
title: flow
description: Manage workflows in dxflow.
navigation:
    icon: i-hugeicons:apple-reminder
---

The `dxflow` CLI provides a powerful interface for managing workflows, files, and applications within the dxflow engine. Below are the key commands and functionalities available in the CLI:

```bash
$ dxflow  workflow --help

Workflow management

Usage:
  dxflow flow [command]

Aliases:
  flow, workflow

Available Commands:
  compose     Compose workflow management
```

## compose
The `compose` command allows you to manage workflows by composing them from various components. This is useful for creating complex workflows that can be reused and shared.

```bash
dxflow flow compose [command]
```

Available commands:
- `list`: List compose workflows
- `create`: Create a new compose workflow
- `containers`: Get containers of a compose workflow
- `events`: Get events of a compose workflow
- `logs`: Get logs of a compose workflow
- `start`: Start a compose workflow
- `stop`: Stop a compose workflow
- `pause`: Pause a compose workflow
- `unpause`: Unpause a compose workflow
- `execute`: Execute command in a compose workflow
- `kill`: Kill a compose workflow
- `remove`: Remove a compose workflow

::tip
You can use just user `dxflow compose` to access the compose workflow management commands.
::

### list
Lists all compose workflows available in the dxflow engine. It will display a table of workflows with their names, IDs, and statuses.

```bash
dxflow compose list [flags]
```
- aliases: `list`, `ls`
flags:
- `--context` string   docker context
- `-a`, `--all`              show all workflows
- `-f`, `--filter` strings   filter workflows
- `-h`, `--help`             help for list

### create
Creates a new compose workflow in the dxflow engine. You will need to provide a name and a description for the workflow.

```bash
dxflow compose create [SOURCE] [flags]
```
- aliases: `create`, `make`

flags:
- `-i`, `--identity` string    workflow identity
- `--context` string     docker context
- `-v`, `--variable` strings   workflow variables
- `-e`, `--env` strings        workflow environment variables
- `-p`, `--profile` strings    workflow profiles
- `--build`              build images before create
- `--force-recreate`     force recreate containers if not changed
- `--no-build`           skip build images
- `--no-recreate`        skip recreate containers if exists
- `--pull` string        pull images before create [always, missing, never, build]
- `--remove-orphans`     remove orphan containers
- `--start`              start workflow after create
- `-s`, `--service` strings    specify services to create
- `-h`, `--help`               help for create

### containers
Lists all containers in a compose workflow. It will display a table of containers with their names.

```bash
dxflow compose containers <IDENTITY> [flags]
```
- aliases: `containers`, `ps`

flags:
- `--context` string    docker context
- `-a`, `--all`               show all containers
- `-f`, `--filter` strings    filter containers
- `-s`, `--service` strings   specify services to get
- `-h`, `--help`


### events
Lists all events in a compose workflow. It will display a table of events with their names and statuses.

```bash
dxflow compose events <IDENTITY> [flags]
```
- Aliases: `events`, `event`

flags:
- `--context` string    docker context
- `-s`, `--service` strings   specify services to get events
- `-h`, `--help`              help for events

### logs
Retrieves logs from a compose workflow. It will display the logs of all containers in the workflow.

```bash
dxflow compose logs <IDENTITY> [flags]
```

- aliases: `logs`, `log`
  
flags:
- `--context` string    docker context
- `-f`, `--follow`            follow logs
- `--index` int         index of the container in multiple replicas
- `--since` string      show logs since timestamp
- `-t`, `--tail` int          number of lines to show from the end of the logs
- `--until` string      show logs until timestamp
- `-s`, `--service` strings   specify services to get logs
- `-h`, `--help`              help for logs


### start
Starts a compose workflow. This will start all containers in the workflow.

```bash
dxflow compose start <IDENTITY> [flags]
```
flags:
- `--context` string    docker context
- `-s`, `--service` strings   specify services to start
- `-h`, `--help` 


### stop
Stops a compose workflow. This will stop all containers in the workflow.

```bash
dxflow compose stop <IDENTITY> [flags]
```
flags:
- `--context` string    docker context
- `--timeout` int       timeout in seconds
- `-s`, `--service` strings   specify services to stop

### pause
Pauses a compose workflow. This will pause all containers in the workflow.
```bash
dxflow compose pause <IDENTITY> [flags]
```
flags:
- `--context` string    docker context
- `-s`, `--service` strings   specify services to pause
- `-h`, `--help`              help for pause

### unpause
Unpauses a compose workflow. This will unpause all containers in the workflow.

```bash
dxflow compose unpause <IDENTITY> [flags]
```
flags:
- `--context` string    docker context
- `-s`, `--service` strings   specify services to unpause
- `-h`, `--help`              help for unpause

### kill
Kills a compose workflow. This will stop and remove all containers in the workflow.
```bash
dxflow compose kill <IDENTITY> [flags]
```
flags:
- `--context` string    docker context
- `--signal` string     signal to send to the container [SIGKILL, SIGINT, ... ] (default "SIGKILL")
- `-s`, `--service` strings   specify services to kill


### remove
Removes a compose workflow. This will remove all containers and networks associated with the workflow.

```bash
 dxflow compose remove <IDENTITY> [flags]
```
- aliases: `remove`, `rm`

flags:
- `--context` string    docker context
- `--stop`              stop containers before removing
- `--volumes`           remove attached volumes
- `-s`, `--service` strings   specify services to pause
- `-h`, `--help`              help for remove